(OMINOUS NOISES)
- JODIE: MOMMY!!!
- SUZAN: Hey honey, you can't spend
the whole day looking out the windo
Why don't you find something to do?
- JODIE: That photo...
...it feels... strange.
As... as if they were vibrating.
Do you feel that too?
- DOCTOR: I'm so sorry.
I did everything I could...
- SUZAN: (HEARTBROKEN SCREAMING)
(TYPING ON KEYBOARD SOUND)
Jodie, honey. Would you do me a favour?
Could you get me a bottle of oil from the garage?
- JODIE: Sure, no problem.
(LIGHT SWITCH CLICKS)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
- SUZAN: Thanks, sweetheart.
Hey, sweetheart.
Why don't you go outside and play?
I'll call you when diner's ready.
- JODIE: I'm going.
Great. Now we can be bored and freezing.
But you don't care, do you, Aiden?
You never get cold.
Will you push me, Aiden?
Whatever, it's not fun anyway.
Hey, did you hear that?
Came from the street.
- KID: Gotcha!
- JODIE: ### to have some fun.
(AIDEN SPEAKS)
- JODIE: Okay, I know we're not supposed to.
Come on, we'll just play
for five minutes and come back.
Mom will never know.
You can at least give me a hand, Aiden!
Aiden, you're the best!
- BOY: Hey Jodie, wanna play with us?
Come on, hurry up and hide
then you're gonna get creammed.
(LAUGHTER)
(PLAYFUL LAUGHTER)
You're dead little girl!
I got you!
- JODIE: No no, let go of me!
No no stop!
(MUSIC INTENSIFIES)
- BOY: (COUGHS)
Did you see that?
She nearly killed me!
You saw what she did to me?
- PHILIP: Jodie?
- BOY: She's a witch!
A dirty rotten witch!
- PHILIP: What's going on here?
- BOY: She's a witch! I'm telling you
Jodie Holmes is a witch!
- PHILIP: Come on. Come on, let's go!
Come on, come on, COME ON!
Get in the house!
(DOOR SLAMS)
- SUZAN: What happened?
- PHILIP: What were you doing on the street?
You know you're not allowed to leave the yard!
- JODIE: I saw the other kids playing
and I just wanted to have some fun.
- PHILIP: What did you do to that boy?
- SUZAN: Philip.
- JODIE: I didn't do anything!
Aiden did it!
He was trying to defend me, he thought...
- PHILIP: (YELLS) I'M SICK AND TIRED
OF YOUR STORIES!!
JODIE, THIS TIME YOU'RE REALLY
GONNA GET IT!
You go to your room.
Now!
- SUZAN: Try to get some sleep, sweetheart.
Everything will be better in the morning, okay.
Night night.
- JODIE: Mommy!
I'm afraid of the monsters, mommy.
They're gonna get me.
- SUZAN: Honey, you know monsters don't exist.
I'll leave the light on and the door, okay?
Get some sleep, sweety.
### angry with her, Philip.
She's just a little girl.
- PHILIP: Little girl?
You've seen what she can do, right?
Suzan, that's no little girl, that's...
Suzan, that's a monster.
- SUZAN: Don't you dare talk about her like that!
- PHILIP: The things that are happening
around her there're not normal...
And they're getting stronger
for the love of God.
Suzan, what's to stop of it
from turning against us?
- SUZAN: Don't be ridiculous!
- PHILIP: Suzan, that thing's like
an uncontrollable animal...
We have no idea what it's capable of.
We could have a demon
living ### under her own roof.
Suzan, it's gonna stop.
And it's gonna stop now...
Before we end up crazy or dead.
We agreed to look after
a little girl, Suzan. But not this!
Not this.
- JODIE: There's no reason to be scared, Aiden.
We're going to sleep.
And nothing's gonna happen.
(OMINOUS NOISES)
(SCREAMS)
- SUZAN: Jodie!
Are you alright?
Oh my god.
What happened, sweetheart?
- JODIE: You told me monsters didn't exist.
You were wrong, mommy.
You were wrong!